feat(vars) add Lua API to use index to access variables (#19)
Kong/lua-kong-nginx-module: README.md

[Back to TOC](#table-of-contents)

resty.kong.var.patch\_metatable
----------------------------------
**syntax:** *resty.kong.var.patch_metatable()*

**context:** *any*

**subsystems:** *http*

> Replace the get/set method of ngx.var to use index. Variables that are not indexed
> will fallback to use the original get/set method.
> 
> To index an variable before access, user may use [lua_kong_load_var_index](#lua_kong_load_var_index)
> directive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Indexed variable access is a faster way of accessing Nginx variables for OpenResty.
This method patches the metatable of `ngx.var` to enable index access to variables
that supports it. It should be called once in the `init` phase which will be effective for
all subsequent `ngx.var` uses.

For variables that does not have indexed access, the slower hash based lookup will
be used instead (this is the OpenResty default behavior).

To ensure a variable can be accessed using index, you can use the [lua_kong_load_var_index](#lua_kong_load_var_index)
directive.
```
